Feature/dx 638 3ds2 (#518)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/card-purchase.md

|                  | └➔&nbsp;`metadata`                        | `object`      | The keys and values that should be associated with the payment. Can be additional identifiers and data you want to associate with the payment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | {% endif %}             |

> |                  | └➔&nbsp;`cardholder`                      | `object`      | Optional. Cardholder object that can hold information about a buyer (private or company). The information added increases the chance for frictionless flow and is related to [3D Secure 2.0][3ds2].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                  | └➔&nbsp;`cardholder`                      | `object`      | Optional. Cardholder object that can hold information about a buyer (private or company). The information added increases the chance for [frictionless 3-D Secure 2][3ds2] flow.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

|                  | └──➔&nbsp;`addressMatchIndicator`         | `boolean`     | Optional (increased chance for frictionless flow if set)<br> <br> Allows the 3-D Secure Requestor to indicate to the ACS whether the cardholder’s billing and shipping address are the same.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | {% endif %}             |

> |                  | └─➔&nbsp;`riskIndicator`                    | `object`      | This **optional** object consist of information that helps verifying the payer. Providing these fields decreases the likelyhood of having to promt for [3-D Secure authenticaiton][3ds2] of the payer when they are authenticating the purchase.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`riskIndicator`                    | `object`      | This **optional** object consist of information that helps verifying the payer. Providing these fields decreases the likelyhood of having to promt for [3-D Secure 2.0 authentication][3ds2] of the payer when they are authenticating the purchase.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
